✨ Add a more realistic sample application to /examples (#460)
DataDog/dd-sdk-flutter: examples/README.md

This includes:

> * [Simple Example](./simple_example) - Includes eamples of GoRouter integration, distributed tracing, interaciton tracking, and error / crash reporting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Simple Example](./simple_example) - Includes examples of GoRouter integration, distributed tracing, interaction tracking, and error/crash reporting.
```
